hey how's it going guys this is Dave
Judy and I just wanted to a quick
addendum to the previous video I did on
the dell inspiron 7000 with a 15-inch 4k
screen I've had a couple people email me
and send me messages asking about
whether or not the back and the front
cover of the of the notebook was in fact
plastic because the Dell website
mentions it to be an aluminum I think
the phrase is an aluminium forged
chassis or something like that and in my
review I mentioned that it was plastic
and quite obviously plastic so I've had
a couple people email me with like
really nasty remarks and stuff saying
that oh I don't know anything about
materials and it's obviously aluminium
but here I just want to tell you guys it
is in fact plastic here is the you know
I'll do some close-up shots but
basically it looks a lot like aluminum
and I think Dell did a really good job
in terms of replicating the look and
finish of an aluminum product but it
really is plastic because the aluminum
doesn't feel like this and it doesn't
sound like this but more importantly it
doesn't Bend like this now there's
nothing wrong with that I think there's
some great notebooks and cell phones
that are made with plastic but I do
think it's weird that Dell marketed this
thing on their website as a forged
aluminum product so my best guess is
that the literature on the site is from
an older generation because the early
2014 edition of the Inspiron 7000 was in
fact made with metal so this is most
likely a typo or an error on their part
to just copy and pasted it and haven't
gotten around to updating it for the new
version so I just wanted to clear it up
because a lot of people had messaged me
or emailed me about this particular
metal or aluminum thing and apparently
there is another youtuber out there who
emailed me and said that I'm an idiot
because he did a review of this and he's
very sure that it's aluminum even though
he never opened it up in any case yeah I
hope that clarifies things now on
another note I am working on a series of
videos right now
you kind of document my thought process
on upgrading my whole setup so my
notebook has kind of been struggling to
keep up with video renders 4k video is
extremely computer intensive to create
so I am mildly interested in picking up
either a Mac Pro a retina iMac or you
can just going back to PC and doing a
full set up there but I will get into
that in future videos and yeah it's been
nice I'll see you guys next time